Northeastern University Student Dorm Reviews (from RoomSurf)

INTERNATIONAL VILLAGE DORM REVIEWS

Review 1 (08/17/23) - Rating: 4/5.0
Student: Gianna B.
Placed in forced double (converted single). Roommate and student lived in very small space - shoebox-sized room where only one person could stand in walk path. Path not even wide enough for two people to stand side by side. Requested switch to standard double rooms that were open but denied.

Review 2 (05/24/21) - Rating: 3.7/5.0
Student: Melissa J.
Pretty good experience at International Village. Dining hall on first floor is very convenient. Gym not available due to COVID restrictions. Shared bathroom nice for general privacy and cleanliness. Walls a little bit thin with a lot of noise most nights.

Review 3 (04/25/21) - Rating: 3.9/5.0
Student: Kelsey Z.
Pretty loud with NUPD right next door and super thin walls (but that's every residence hall). View is amazing compared to other residence halls. Rooms/bathrooms relatively new and clean. Nice to have semi-private single (single sharing bathroom with another single). Rent way overpriced ($6,125 per semester).

Review 4 (03/01/21) - Rating: 2/5.0
Student: Ashley P.
Nice dorm for first-year students. However, building is so big it's hard to get to know everyone. Dining hall in building is very convenient for meals. Location pretty close to campus. Walls very thin - could literally hear everything that happens on floor including neighbors' conversations. Dorms smaller than usual but not too bad.

Review 5 (02/03/21) - Rating: 3.1/5.0
Student: Emily H.
Compared to other schools, dorm itself not the biggest but suffices. Jack-and-jill bathroom shared with suitemates. Own sink in room very convenient. Big window at end of room allows plenty of light and nice view. AC and heating available. Slightly inconvenient that only trash chute is on first floor. Eight elevators to choose from. Only complaint: paper thin walls. Half blame goes to very loud neighbors who talk day and night, but wall does little to absorb sound. Otherwise clean with good layout.

Review 6 (02/01/21) - Rating: 4.4/5.0
Student: Gisselle V.
Suites with shared bathroom. Walls super thin. AC great for summer but definitely gets cold during day. Only warm at night during winter (personal experience). Great dorm if you like to have own space.

Review 7 (12/12/20) - Rating: 3.8/5.0
Student: Sarah A.
Experience was top tier despite some low ratings. Dorm in amazing location where everything including public transportation more than easily accessible. Definitely place to check out.

---

THE MIDTOWN HOTEL DORM REVIEWS

Review 1 (01/29/21) - Rating: 2/5.0
Verified Resident
If assigned to Midtown Hotel as freshman at NU, especially room on 1st floor facing alley, very disappointing. This "overflow" housing option half-mile from campus should be put out of service, especially for the price. First floor rooms tiny. Bathrooms old and dirty. If backing up to alley, will smell pot all day and hear sounds of people fighting and singing at all hours. Rooms are sweatboxes. Random parkers in hotel garage have access to hallways, which doesn't feel safe. Worst part is isolation - far from campus, no natural spaces to interact with classmates, can't even put whiteboard on door to communicate with other students. It's nothing like a typical first-year dorm experience.